# Rust ML WG Meeting 0001 20200421

 Zoom (Meeting ID: 912 9219 5272)

## Agenda
- [x] Meet and Greet with everyone 
- [x] Initial Roadmap for Rust-ML Deep Learning crate
  - [x] Overview of Development Items - (Ops, Backend tensor, Backprop,Graph (optional),Optimization (optional),Model serialization (optional), Weights serialization (optional), Backend abstraction (optional))
- [x] Discuss next steps 
  - [x] Start researching crates
  - [x] PR to `mdbook` for KaTeX plugin? 
  - [x] PRs to anything else right away? 
- [x] Annouce in [This Week in Rust](https://this-week-in-rust.org/)?
- [x] Twitter account?

## Participants 
Ricky
Chris
Jamal
Geordon 

## Minutes 

### Introductions and Chatting 

Talked with Chris on his library [tsuga](https://github.com/quietlychris/tsuga) would like to go more in depth with this to find good and bad of writing it so far

### Meet and greet with People

Geordon - (pronounced jordan)
    since Rust 1.06 
    started rust CV group and active member there now 

Jamal 
    currently works in fintech 
    python, mainly 
    works with NN for about a year, and Rust for 6 months
    Looking forward to getting Rust on FPGAs 

Chris 
    Currently works in robotics
    3 years with Rust 
    background in Mechnical Engineering 
    
Ricky 
    Works in Machine Learning lab
    day-to-day with Python
    Focuses on getting code running and pipelines 
    Works with Rust since ~1.0
    
### Scope

Geordon's main interest is NN 
    old statistical stuff (random forest etc) 
    must be able to run inference on it 
    
Jamal 
    same, mainly NN 
    definitely happy to include the old stats methods, but not super interested in this 

Chris 
    in his usecase found good cases for the older stats methods 
    would like to create or improve them if we find gaps 

regaurdless of what we do, we should fit into the inputs/outputs of what already exists! 

### arewelearningyet.com

Chris talked a little with the owner of the site and thinks they might hand it over 
Everyone agreed this would be a great opportunity and a good way to keep track 
    
### Github members and roles 

Chris and I are maintiners 
- need to add jamal and geordon 
- anyone else to the repoistory group?

### Mono repo or splits for new crates/ideas
Let's think and see how it goes we can alway merge/split as we go along and how we feel 

### Existing environment 

Basically we will wait and see how it goes, several people want to try to build a simple Neural Net to help discover holes. 
Chris has already started looking into specific crates using arewelearningyet.com as a guide 
I mentioned this could be a lot of work, and might require multiple people's search skills, and possibly more people from different areas of Rust

### KaTeX/MathJax Plugin for mdbook

Hard to inject HTML headers into `mdbook`
`mdbook` does support MathJax, with a lot of backslashes 
    So does Rustdocs 
        it injects html headers with javascript, so we can't easily match RustDoc 

Old PR for MathJax https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook/pull/626 
Issue: https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook/issues/400 
- [x] Ping Lorenz about this ^^^^^^^ 

### This Week Rust 

Maybe? but we might grow too big too fast 

Let's pause this for now then until we are more structured, as a group with goals and positive efforts 

### Twitter 

grab twitter handle, rust-ml 
- [x] Ricky will grab that- [@rust_ml](https://twitter.com/rust_ml)

### Are we firm on the "Rust-ml" name 

Yeah lets stick with it, most working groups have pretty solid names, and it doesn't stop us from picking up say a stastical crate and adding it because ML uses it 


### Next Meeting 

Plan for three weeks next meeting, to do some more research and discuss the next agenda 

#### Tuesday 20200512

Date for next meeting?, Maybe Wednesday 20200513?


