
# Rust ML WG Meeting 00014 

[![hackmd-github-sync-badge](https://hackmd.io/YmmnKof6RzC5-fF_Z8jFLA/badge)](https://hackmd.io/YmmnKof6RzC5-fF_Z8jFLA)


## Meeting Info

Note: The planned meeting \#13 did not take place on 11/03/2020 as planned, but are considering this to be meeting \#14

Date: 20201117

Start time: 1600 EST

Zoom Meeting Link: https://ucsb.zoom.us/j/6601852842

## Agenda

- Upcoming conferences for London and Seattle

- Update on chrism's stand-alone convolution primitive for sliding window and matmul methods

- First draft of alternative license for machine learning up
    - Comments welcome
    - https://github.com/quietlychris/st-claire-license/

- ndarray maintainance and ndarray GPU backend

- Rust_RL support for adding newer RL algorithms.

## Participants

- chrism
- Ricky
- manuel 

## Minutes

### `ndarray` looking for maintainers 

- xd009642 is looking into taking ownership 
    - https://github.com/rust-ndarray/ndarray/issues/843 
        - on behalf of the WG?
            -  

### `ndarray` for GPU backend 

- `ndarray` with GPU backend 
    - using `emu` right now, but looking to give it full access to the GPU 
    - PR open for `ndarray` backend 
    - https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu-rs/issues/564#issuecomment-725187571 

### St. Claire License 

- https://github.com/quietlychris/st-claire-license 
    - looking for any inputs/additions that might be helpful for people that would use the license 

### stand-alone convolution primitives 

- stand-alone repository, to make sure it's working first 
    - then will port into [tsuga](https://github.com/quietlychris/tsuga)


### Rust ML Meetups 

- London 26 November 2020
    - https://www.meetup.com/Rust-London-User-Group/events/274553472/ 
- Seattle 8 December 2020 
    - https://www.meetup.com/Seattle-Rust-Meetup/events/gskksrybcqblb/ 

### Travis.CI dropping free tier 

- could move to GitHub Actions 
    - https://github.com/deg4uss3r/cargo-outdated/blob/gitlab_ci/.github/workflows/rust.yml 

## Actions

- Tweet out the talks from the WG Twitter :) 
    - possibly ping the speakers to see if they have twitter accounts and mention them etc 
- Ping Paul/Lorenz on `0.2` release of `linfa` before the London Meetup 
    -  `0.1.2` is really far behind the main branch so it would be very nice to cut a new release
- Possibly move `linfa` off Travis CI to GitHub Actions 
- talk to London meetup person to see if we can get the WG on the annoucment :white_check_mark: